---
title: '2020-09-21'
summary: 'Fixed a CSS code splitting whoopsie and a few other tweaks.'
top: true
---

In the [last update](/changelog/2020-09-20/) I created a content specific CSS file (content.css) for the [Articles](/articles/), [Notes](/notes/) and [Changelog](/changelog/) section, but I discovered that it was being used sitewide. I'm currently using clean-css to [minify and inline](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/quicktips/inline-css/) my CSS. I'm also using Nunjucks if statements to include content specific CSS based on location.

For example, I have the following within the head in my base template...
```md
{% raw %}{% set css %}
  {% include "css/global.css" %}
  {% if page.url === '/' %}
    {% include "css/home.css" %}
    {% include "css/projects-landing.css" %}
  {% endif %}
{% endset %}
<style>{{ css | cssmin | safe }}</style>{% endraw %}
```

Anything within the <code>set css</code> tag gets minified, inlined and rendered within the <code>style</code> tag. So the <code>if page.url === '/'</code> is telling Eleventy that if the url is equal to "/" (the homepage), then include these two files to be minified and inlined. Pretty cool!

Since I have several content areas I thought I could use "or", or rather a bunch of "or"s, in my [Nunjucks "if" statement](https://mozilla.github.io/nunjucks/templating.html#if) and chain them all together. I was wrong. What I tried was...

```md
{% raw %}{% if '/notes/' or '/articles/' or '/changelog/' or '/projects/' in page.url %}
  {% include "css/home.css" %}
  {% include "css/projects-landing.css" %}
{% endif %}
{% endraw %}
```

But this included both everywhere. I also tried only using two (if '/notes/' or '/articles/') and got the same result. I ended up making an "if" statement for each section, repeating the same two includes for each section. Not very [DRY](link)! I'm hoping to find a better way to do this, but for now [you can see it at Github](https://github.com/superterrific/dana-byerly/blob/master/src/_includes/layouts/base.html) in all its repetitive glory.


## Other
* Moved a few class from <code>global.css</code> to various section-specific CSS files.
* Removed paginationAnchor of "#post-list" from listing pages and pagination.
* Switched fronts from "fallback" to "swap".
* Added a <code>noscript</code> fallback to load fonts CSS if JS is disabled or unavailable.
