---
title: "2021-11-28"
summary: "Back to top, Kofi, dev.to"
top: true
---
Several types of updates...

## Front Matter is awesome and useful

* Refactored the Kofi badge and "Back to top" links in the ```post-content.html``` partial to only display when the respective ```kofi``` and ```top``` Front Matter keys are not false.
* Set ```kofi: false``` on [Accessibility Statement](/accessibility-statement/), [Colophon](/colophon/), individual [Changelog pages](/changelog/) (like this one!) and 404 page.
* Set ```top: false``` on individual [Changelog pages](/changelog/) and 404 page.

Handy tip: I added the ```kofi``` and ```top``` key to the changelog [directory data file](https://learneleventyfromscratch.com/lesson/12.html#default-layout-and-permalinks).

* Ha ha, as a test I set ```top: true``` on this post, and it works. Nice to be able to individually override as needed.
* Also set ```top: true``` on several longer changelog posts.

## Syndicating specific posts

I want to start publishing an occasional post at [Dev.to](http://dev.to). They make it easy to syndicate posts via RSS. Initially I hooked up my RSS feed but it's hard to manage all the posts in their dashboard. And, if you delete a post it appears again because it gets picked up from the feed. So I created a RSS feed for Dev.to.

* Added ```devto: true``` in Front Matter to posts I want to send to to Dev.to.
* Created a Dev.to collection using ```getAll()``` and filtering on the ```devto``` key ([good example at 11ty Rocks](https://11ty.rocks/eleventyjs/collections/#collections-based-on-frontmatter), of course).
* Created a new feed specifically for Dev.to collection.

## Grab bag

* Removed ```<meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="ie=edge">```.
* Bumped up the ```font-weight``` for ```<code>```.
* Tweaked the post-level pagination to include "Newer" and "Older" above the links (see below!). This solves two problems
  1. Adds clarity to how pagination is implemented
  2. By moving the arrow above the link with the Newer/Older, the arrow will never wrap to its own line like it did with the previous implementation.
* Inspiration from [Saneef Ansari's site](https://saneef.com/).
